Hello everyone, welcome this
new episode of minecraft mod
today we are on 17 10 boys we go to
see a mod we've already seen in
past you will find the link above a
left you see it clicked ok and
that was the mob for mint
he added this fashion now it was
added a new mob the fashions yes
call music box for those who are not
went to see above in the link
ok what it does adds plants
that you've definitely seen in the video
previous and a new way crystals
When I arrive I am afraid to approach him
see I would take some love but
just because we are considerate we are in
dangers in this case we take a little
of titti diamond armor maybe that
think of it
then we take a nice treat of
diamond and we sell apps to
beautiful golden apples for what reason
because in my opinion it is very dangerous
dangerous so this is the we go to
equip this we put it here and
let's see what this does
beautiful monster and what it is called
what's your name I'll show you
immediately
let's see if I can do this for
see it nothing I can't do ok fair
rossoblù tonight then practically the
creator says this statue is a
guardian who protects his area o
however, his place where he is now has
lost all memory so does not know
not even because it's protecting that
area and still looks like a statue
but it is not human, but it is not
therefore he is only a guardian and without
more memories
wow cool and see the texture and no
wait i have to go in here a
let you see it so much they are in creative
currently
look at it, that is, look at the goby
it's huge I will now go into game mode
and I'll try to beat him game 1 I'll take it
a gold t - shirt that so 1 said
no 0 different
sorry ok eat me an apple for
security and we go there now or not you have
visa has changed the future and does
goodbye good friend approached or as of
defeated income but shut up
secrets or I found weak point silent
but smoothed the only weak point this
case he is here with that sword
i took ok pull the blow i'm here ha
need
I in those evils but the dogs so overcome
sublicio taken I have to take it well on
wound when I passed almost dead
go clear melange 8 in the head not so
here it was fantastic and he was a boss
battle this from you give
I lowered you don't take me took it
from the low damn curve in Alghero
no no without yes when he is past
we have to hit the sword but behind
I get down or I took
got ok when he's with the ax
complicated on the ground
what happens is the animation that is
he kneels falling to the ground fantastic
but not to drunk boy yes yes he has me
given it leaves but what month is your helmet
the helmet from what I know is totally
aesthetic look guys that cool no
that is to say, do n't look fantastic
we see leaves with the left and an ax
normal and fa6 of damage
with the right we make the side slash
take gigi from pure as well
behind unfortunately ghosts there is good
you guys saw this fad we say
a little boss battle I hope you enjoyed
this is a man beaten by fashion though
you haven't seen what fashion was like yet
and what else adds go and see the
seedling that he added to the old spot
light boys ok
see you at the next episode